c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Dota2 App.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Dota2 App.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Dota2_App_Release_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Phone.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\MyToolkit.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\MyToolkit.Extended.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Phone.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\MyToolkit.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\MyToolkit.Extended.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ar-SA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\az-Latn-AZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\be-BY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\bg-BG\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ca-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\cs-CZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\da-DK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\de-DE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\el-GR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\en-GB\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\es-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\es-MX\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\et-EE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\fa-IR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\fi-FI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\fil-PH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\fr-CA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\fr-FR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\he-IL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\hi-IN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\hr-HR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\hu-HU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\id-ID\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\it-IT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ja-JP\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\kk-KZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ko-KR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\lt-LT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\lv-LV\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\mk-MK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ms-MY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\nb-NO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\nl-NL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\pl-PL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\pt-PT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ro-RO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\ru-RU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\sk-SK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\sl-SI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\sq-AL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\sr-Latn-CS\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\sv-SE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\th-TH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\tr-TR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\uk-UA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\uz-Latn-UZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\vi-VN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\zh-CN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\zh-TW\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\de\MyToolkit.Extended.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\Bin\Release\fr\MyToolkit.Extended.resources.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\View\PlaylistChannelPage.g.cs
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\View\PlaylistPage.g.cs
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\View\VideoChannelPage.g.cs
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\View\VideoPage.g.cs
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\Dota2 App.g.resources
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\Dota2_App.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\Dota2 App.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\Dota2 App.dll
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\Dota2 App.pdb
c:\users\doanduyhung\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dota2 App\Dota2 App\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
